    1. What is Semantic HTML? Gives your tags meaning.  Used for accessibility, seo, easier for other devs to understand
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to create electronic documents that are displayed on the web. HTML defines the structure and layout of a Web document by using a variety of tags and attributes
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is used to define the characteristics of an HTML element and is placed inside the element's opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?   Defines the most important heading and should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes -  <input> <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?   <title>  <style> <base> <link> <meta> <script> <noscript>
    7. What is an id? 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?  The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document).  The id value can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for the element with the specific id value.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? The HTML class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.  So, all HTML elements with the same class attribute will get the same style.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  all of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?  specify alternative text (alt text) that is to be rendered when the element to which it is applied cannot be rendered.  Also for screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?  #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? <div> : It defines a division or a section in an HTML document. It is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.
    <section> It defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document
    17. What is CSS used for? Is used to style your website.  
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page   h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one -  Class if you are going to use to for multiply elements.  ID if you are only going to use it once so very specific.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?  .className { }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .className { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  element > element {  }   if you have a lot of nesting it will only do child
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a { }
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state like :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:  lowercase, uppercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?  border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * { }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* , and end it with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm <file>   it is permanent
    34. Why should I use version control?   Makes Collaboration easier, able to store different versions easily, restore previous versions,  look at the history,  backup
    35. How often should I commit to github? Often!
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.    Student Forks ,   students adds TL as contributor, Clone Repo, create branh , submit pr into that new branch,  TL check HW as done by merging the HW back into master 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available.  An inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?  set parent position to relative.   Then absolute is position according to the parents.   Top: 0 left: 0; would put it at top left of parent container
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? inline-block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default    block  - div, h1.  inline - span , a      inline-block - img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?        box-sizing: border-box

    box model - It is a container  or box that wraps around html elements. -  consists of element, padding, border, margin.   you use it to  customize the layout of different elements

